docs: self-hosted share in slack (#4039)
lightdash/lightdash: docs/docs/guides/enable-slack-selfhost.mdx

import SlackCreateNewApp from './assets/slack-create-new-app.png';
import SlackSelectWorkspace from './assets/slack-select-worskpace.png';
import SlackBasicInformation from './assets/slack-basic-information.png';
import SlackAppToken from './assets/slack-app-token.png';

# Add Slack integration on self-hosting

In this guide we will show you how you can enable [Share in Slack](https://docs.lightdash.com/guides/sharing-in-slack) on your on self-hosted Lightdash server.

## Create a new Slack APP on your organization

First we will have to create a Slack APP https://api.slack.com/apps?new_app=1

You can select `From an app manifest` to make it easier. 

<img src={SlackCreateNewApp} width="500" height="400" style={{display: "block", margin: "0 auto 20px auto"}}/>

Then select the workspace you want to enable this into. Later you can `enable distribution` if you want to use a different Slack workspace.

<img src={SlackSelectWorkspace} width="500" height="400" style={{display: "block", margin: "0 auto 20px auto"}}/>

> Then copy this manifest to allow URL unfurls in your app. Make sure you update `your Lightdash URL` in the manifest too.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then copy this manifest to allow URL unfurls in your app. **Make sure you update `your Lightdash URL` in the manifest below** (for example, `app.lightdash.cloud` or `eu1.lightdash.cloud`).
```
